feat: update renku-data-services to v0.20.0 and renku-ui to 3.35.0 (#3765)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

**🌟 New Features**

- **Search Services**: Enable searching by prefix of indexed words

> - **UI**: Support saving and managing credentials as secrets for Renku 2.0 data sources (`#3266 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3266>`__).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **UI**: Support saving and managing credentials for Renku 2.0 data sources (`#3266 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3266>`__).
```

- **UI**: Add members to groups and projects in Renku 2.0 by username instead of email (`#3270 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3270>`__).

**✨ Improvements**

- **UI**: Reflect the search query in the URL for Renku 2.0 (`#3245 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3245>`__).
- **UI**: Add dynamic browser tab icon for session tabs (`#3249 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3249>`__).
- **UI**: Display session details in session page in Renku 2.0 (`#3258 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3258>`__)
- **UI**: Set default namespace when creating a new Renku 2.0 project (`#3264 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3264>`__).

> - **UI**: Start sessions using the default storage of the session class in Renku 2.0 (`#3295 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3295>`__).

Reviewer: this belongs in the big fix section
```suggestion
- **UI**: Fix issue in Renku 2.0 where launched sessions did not use the default storage size of the selected resource class (`#3295 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3295>`__).
```
